[Access for SaaS] Create Miro tutorial (#15755)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps/saas-apps/miro-saas.md

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Miro
weight: 16
---

# Connect to Miro through Access

This guide covers how to configure [Miro](https://help.miro.com/hc/articles/360017571414-Single-sign-on-SSO) as a SAML application in Cloudflare Zero Trust.

## Prerequisites

- An [identity provider](/cloudflare-one/identity/idp-integration/) configured in Cloudflare Zero Trust
- Admin access to a Miro Business or Enterprise plan account

> - A [domain verified](https://help.miro.com/hc/articles/360034831793-Domain-control) in your Miro account (Enterprise plan), or be prepared to do so during SSO configuration (Business or Enterprise plan)

Reviewer: Nit: Maybe a "verified domain"?

## 1. Add a SaaS application to Cloudflare Zero Trust

1. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com), go to **Access** > **Applications**.
2. Select **Add an application** > **SaaS**.
3. For **Application**, enter `Miro` and select the corresponding textbox that appears.
4. For the authentication protocol, select **SAML**.
5. Select **Add application**.
6. Fill in the following fields:
    - **Entity ID**: `https://miro.com/`
    - **Assertion Consumer Service URL**: `https://miro.com/sso/saml`
    - **Name ID format**: _Email_
7. Copy the **SSO endpoint** and **Public key**.
8. Select **Save configuration**.
9. Configure [Access policies](/cloudflare-one/policies/access/) for the application.
10. Select **Done**.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Remove this extra empty line.

## 2. Add a SAML SSO provider to Miro

{{<tabs labels="Business plan | Enterprise plan">}}
{{<tab label="business plan" no-code="true">}}

{{<render file="access/saas-apps/_miro-sso.md" withParameters="**Security**;;Enter">}}

{{</tab>}}

{{<tab label="enterprise plan" no-code="true">}}

{{<render file="access/saas-apps/_miro-sso.md" withParameters="**Security and Compliance** > **Authentication** > **Single sign-on**;;If you have not previously [verified the domain](https://help.miro.com/hc/articles/360034831793-Domain-control), enter">}}

{{</tab>}}
{{</tabs>}}

## 3. Test the integration

> In the Miro SAML/SSO configuration page, select **Test SSO Configuration**.  You will be redirected to the Cloudflare Access login screen and prompted to sign in with your identity provider. If login is successful, you will receive a **SSO configuration test was successful** message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Miro SAML/SSO configuration page, select **Test SSO Configuration**.  You will be redirected to the Cloudflare Access login screen and prompted to sign in with your identity provider. If the login is successful, you will receive a **SSO configuration test was successful** message.
```

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> When testing the integration, you do not have to use an email from a domain you've configured for SSO or a user configured in Miro. The test user just has to be already configured in your identity provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When testing the integration, you do not have to use an email from a domain you have configured for SSO or a user configured in Miro. The only requirement is that the user is already configured in your identity provider.
```
We usually avoid "just", "simply", etc. because it implies that something is necessarily simple, and it may not be that simple for the reader. Feel free to adapt my suggestion, though.
